You are now ready to start creating your ad to launch the ads create to select to create ads from the
drop down in the upper right hand corner of your Facebook profile.
This is a good page to bookmark as you'll be using it every time that you create a new ad.
Perhaps you should even create a bookmarks folder in your browser like I've done here so that you can
easily access all of the important Facebook tools and links from one place and the first step to create
your ad is to choose your advertising objective.
So let's review the options that you have and at the end of this video.
You will have chosen the objective for you to create your campaign.
Now the first thing that you will notice is that these marketing objectives are broken down into three
columns.
Awareness consideration and conversion on these three columns here really matching with the marketing
funnel.
So at the top of the funnel you're trying to create awareness for your brand in the middle of the funnel.
You're not really want people to consider your offer to take an action like click through your website.
Engage with your posts or Facebook page download your view of video or give you their information so
you can generate a lead for your business and the final piece of the funnel which is the really bottom
of the funnel is your really encouraging people and driving them to convert on your Web site to make
a purchase to purchase a product on your e-commerce store or to visit your physical store.
So let's start over here with awareness so we can really understand in more detail this marketing objective.
First you have brand awareness and if you click on any of these marketing objectives you'll see them
below here that there is a better explanation of what it is and if this is a good campaign that will
match what your marketing objective.
So if your marketing objective is to reach more people who are likely to pay attention to your odds
and increase awareness about your brand and this is the type of od you would choose and very similar
to brand awareness there is a campaign objective where your objective is just reach where you want to
show you're on to the maximum amount of people.
So it's very similar except in the brand awareness campaign.
This will show the ad to people who are more likely to pay attention.
Awareness campaigns are the equivalent of a poster.
You need both stop an ad in a magazine or not on TV.
The intention here is not to get them to make a response to take action.
It's simply in order free for you to create awareness about your brand.
Now this type of marketing is very normal for big businesses like new like Coca-Cola.
And I would suggest this type of campaign is probably best left to them if you are a small or medium
sized business.
You should really focus your attention on the consideration on the conversion column because this is
going to get a more tangible result for your business.
So let us start by looking at the traffic marketing objective here and this is going to be ideal if
you want to send more people to a destination on or off Facebook.
In terms of engagement then this is going to be ideal for you if your objective is to get more people
to see or engage with your posts or page.
Engagement can include common shares likes events responses and offer clams.
So if you choose a subjective Facebook is really going to optimize so that you get more common shares
events responses etc..
So down here you can see that you can make that choice again between post engagement which is the same
as bous post or page likes or event responses.
So you can make that choice down here again.
Next stop we've got up in stoles and this is going to be ideal campaign for you if you want to send
people to a store where they can purchase your app now that can be the App Store for Apple or Google
Play and it can also be if you just want them to get Download FREE.
Up next up we've got video views and this is going to be ideal if you want people to watch your videos
and really where.
Raise awareness about your brand and that can be things like behind the scenes footage product launches
and customer stories and a good tip here is that if you do want to create videos it's probably best
keep those videos on 15 seconds or less because that is the type of video length that this is going
to get the most amount of views.
Finally down here we have the lead generation and this time the campaign is going to be perfect if your
objective is to collect leads.
So emails phone numbers from people interested in your business so you can contact them through phone
or email really do a callback on them or an email campaign so that finishes off consideration I think
a lot of interesting options there for you over here.
Then on the right hand side is the conversion column and as I said this is really focused on getting
people to actually make a purchase and generate actual dollars for your business.
So the first one here is conversions and this is an ideal objective for you if you want to get people
to take viable actions on your Web site or up such as adding their information payment information or
making a purchase.
One caveat is though if you want to run these campaigns you need to have the facts.
Facebook pixel or Facebook STK set up in your app so that you can track and measure these conversions
without the Facebook pics so Facebook cannot actually optimize for you to get conversions because they
don't have that information at the back and telling them really what is working.
After that how product catalogs sales and this automatically creates products from your product catalog.
This is ideal if you have a big e-commerce store and you want to generate a lot of ads very very quickly.
Finally there is store visits and this is an ideal objective for you if you want to really promote your
location to people who are nearby and get them to come in.
So as you can see there are a lot of different campaign types that suit a lot of different marketing
objectives.
If you're struggling in any way to understand what those ads are going look like in real life there
is one great resource and it's called the Facebook Ads guide or put a link to this in the resources
section of his lecture.
But for example if you were considering brand awareness or just even wanted to understand what that
looked like.
You can click in here brand awareness to see it is a photo you can see the type of art that it is.
You cannot click through on this.
Really the purpose is just to raise brand awareness in terms of clicks to Web sites.
Let's open this up here and you can see that there is a Facebook links which is the image plus a link
that can be click through and that is how the ad is going to look like.
You can see on desktop or mobile you can even see if you want to create a Clix Web site with a different
format hire that would look like.
So I think it can be helpful to understand that from the start before you start coming into the tool
to set that up for yourself.
I'm going to go ahead and select the marketing objective of getting traffic to a destination really
on Facebook and I'm just going to leave the campaign name as traffic for the moment.
And so I continue.
So now go ahead and select the objective for your campaign.
Following the exact same steps that we have just covered.